FEM user guide update (#6538)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/includes/sample_dtm_radio_test_skyworks.txt

The Skyworks SKY66114 and SKY66403 are front-end module (FEM) devices that support the 2-pin PA/LNA interface.
You can also use other Skyworks FEM devices that provide the same hardware interface.

> To use generic FEM implementation with Skyworks front-end modules check: :ref:`ug_radio_fem_skyworks`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use the generic FEM implementation with Skyworks front-end modules refer to :ref:`ug_radio_fem_skyworks` for details.
```
